Python backend refactor (#202)
vanvalenlab/caliban: browser/README.md

The final Flask application has been deployed to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment as a RESTful web service. A stable demo of the browser application can be accessed at caliban.deepcell.org. To deploy this application to AWS EB, an AWS RDS MySQL database must be set up and configured to handle data storage for application use. (Add database credentials to the .env configuration file.) Once a database is appropriately configured, the application can easily be launched by using the AWS EB command line tool or web interface. The .ebextensions folder will configure the web service to use the appropriate Flask application (eb_application.py, which uses a MySQL database instead of SQLite).

> An SQLite database has been added for local use of Caliban. SQLite is embedded into the end program, so whenever the tool is started, a unique id is created for the user and the TrackEdit/ZStackEdit object is stored locally in caliban.db. Whenever the user makes a change to the object, the application will update the state of the object. After the user submits the final datafile to the S3 bucket, the corresponding id and object will be deleted from the database file. The caliban.db file can be created simply by running application.py.

Author: ```suggestion
Caliban can also be run locally using a SQLite database (this is the default behavior). When we start using Caliban, Caliban creates a TrackEdit (for .trk files) or ZStackEdit (for .npz files) object, gives it a unique ID, and stores it locally in caliban.db. Whenever we change an Edit object, Caliban updates the object in the database. After we submit the file and our changes to the S3 bucket, Caliban deletes the Edit object from the database, leaving behind the unique ID and session metadata. Running application.py creates the database if it does not already exist.
```

> An SQLite database has been added for local use of Caliban. SQLite is embedded into the end program, so whenever the tool is started, a unique id is created for the user and the TrackEdit/ZStackEdit object is stored locally in caliban.db. Whenever the user makes a change to the object, the application will update the state of the object. After the user submits the final datafile to the S3 bucket, the corresponding id and object will be deleted from the database file. The caliban.db file can be created simply by running application.py.

Reviewer: Looks good!
